We now know that map,
filter and reduce are higher-order functions because they take a callback.
But let's take a closer look at the details.
You'll recognize this example from a previous lesson,
but just to look in more detail at how doubler is
the callback and map is the higher-order function.
For every item in the nums array,
map will call back to the doubler function.
When it calls it, it actually supplies
three arguments: the value of the item in the array,
the index of the current item in the array,
and the entire original array that we are mapping over.
Now, because doubler only takes in one argument,
the other two are left off.
But one thing to be aware of is that if the function you're
calling in map does take more than one argument,
these values will be passed in for the array that you're running it on.
Now that you've seen that in action,
you can try it in the exercises.